hey y'all so today I have some shopkins
collectors cards to open with you guys
now I've never opened these before on my
channel so they are new for me but there
are seven cards per pack and I do have
three packs here to open and here is the
packaging just in case you have not seen
these yet now I did give these at toys r
us for 2 99 per package here and this is
what the back looks like and there are
apparently 130 shopkins cards that you
can collect now you have a it could be
randomly inserted in here but you can
have special cards of color in cards
glitter cards pop-up glow-in-the-dark
cards oh so that would be awesome if we
can get one of those special cards but
anyway let's just go ahead and get these
open and see what we've got curious to
see what these are all about now there
are little sleeves that you can get to
put your cards in and keep them all nice
and wrinkle-free here and you can swap
these with your friends until you get
them all you know a lot of fun here on
collecting cards okay so here we go this
is an I love you card candy kisses isn't
that cute now this is number 33 that's
cool they have them numbered in the
little shops shopkins bag so that's cool
and it also has it's a sweet treat
unless SI ohno the backs just they're
all this way I think Boop I saw
something okay so anyway that's candy
kisses alright so now this card is a
number 39 and this just shows season 1
and season two sweet treats so that's
cool and it's cool it they've got them
numbered so you can keep them numbered
in your little envelopes oh my gun is
cupcake twink queen number 102 now
is one of the special cards the glitter
cards can you see the glitter on this
card I don't know if you can make it out
on the way I think you can but yeah
that's cute I'm loving that one oh yeah
I like the glitter ones they're cool
okay and so this is Popsy cool number 60
and it is in the frozen so I think this
was a series one I don't know because i
didn't get series 1 okay and this is
number 53 silky in the health and beauty
so that is silky these were really cool
kind of help you keep track of all the
names of shopkins too okay and this is
fairy crumbs number 48 in the party food
fairy crumbs yeah this must be a season
one because I don't recognize any of
these this is soda pops a number 44 and
it is in the party food that is cool so
anyway I think the only special one that
we got of course was the cupcake queen
like glitter one I didn't see any of the
color in ones or the pop-up glow in the
dark so anyway we'll just keep going
here with pack and number two now I'm
going to get those little protective
sleeves and put mine in a little
notebook I know my kids just to do that
when they were growing up it was really
popular to collect cards I guess it
still is so awesome okay oh here's one
of the color out good I'm glad that I
got one of these so I could see what it
looks like now we just need the little
pop-up glow-in-the-dark ones that would
be cool and this is number 97 and you
can color poppy corn and a poppy corn is
from season two so yeah I know I know
that one and this is frizzy peas number
62 and it's in the frozen this must be
from season one so that's frizzy piece I
like these these are so cute and this is
cool cube number 57 in the frozen isn't
it adorable now that one I would have
loved to have had from season one I like
that like like
okay and it's champey champey must be
like shampoo so this is number 52 of
health and beauty now we did get another
health and beauty silky number 53 so
that's cool i like champey champey okay
and this is wishes number 47 and is then
the party food that one is so cute see
some of these now like I said never seen
because of from season one so I'm loving
that Swiss Miss funny number 42 and it's
a dairy so I'm assuming that's like
string cheese kind of what it looks like
to me may be wrong but ok your Pamela
pancakes this is that is so stinking
cute number 37 is a sweet treat Pamela
pancake ok my favorite one out of that
one oh let's see wow I'm wow I don't
know you know I really like these three
right here and I can't decide which one
so i'm gonna say they're all my favorite
so ok ha a number three when i get my
little sleeves and everything i will
show you guys what this looks like in a
little little book so that'll be cool oh
this is mini minty I'm like in mini
minty number 38 and the sweet treat that
must also be from season one wow I
missed out on some cute ones didn't know
y'all so cute ok another color one
toasty pop number 98 and this is Color
Me In so this is one you can color
yourself that's cool alright so I've got
two of the little color ones I want to I
want another glitter one this is number
63 and it just shows a bunch of frozen
shopkins and I'm assuming this a season
one because i do not recognize any of
those so ok that's cool um ice cream
dream number 58 it's a frozen and that
one is adorable I'll albin that one I
love ice cream ice cream dream okay oh
we got a double this is our first double
this is silky again and see like i
already have silky that's okay you know
then i can find someone to trade with
there and get rid of so yah oh this is
another double fairy crumbs so there you
go ah oh oh this is another double oh no
it's not another double but it's all
dairy number 43 and it shows a lot of
the dairy shopkins so that last bag
definitely mini minty and ice cream
dream those are my two favorite for
those so anyway um do you guys collect
these cards you know do you have your
little book and everything that you keep
all of these in and are you going to you
know trade them with your friends just
leave a comment below let me know what
you think of these and what you are
doing with these I think they're all so
cute out of all of them this one is my
favorite I think it's because it has
glitter and you know I like a lot of
bling so anything with glitter that is
just too cute let's see does that come
off no I love it it does not come off ok
so anyway like I say leave a comment on
what you guys are doing with these are
you trading them are you just keeping
them all what are you doing and when i
get these put in a book i will show you
guys what it looks like because i think
that is so cool ok so anyway this is my
favorite out of all of them this one is
my favorite so anyway guys I appreciate
y'all watching and I'll see you again
next time bye now